Karmacham, the Kedap Karmacham, scholar, master, and Karmacham. He is the one with very renowned
teaching,
and which is his enlightenment, realization, what he invited, what he got.
It's a train, he showed that to us in the name of the song, the radial hum, the radial hum, or the
radial song,
because it is not restricted, constructed by the duality and pre-conceptions.
As he realized it, he just spontaneously joined, or said to us.
So this, therefore, is again one of the great teachings. I have mentioned many times this again and
again,
but I will say again and again, because it's so important, it's so necessary.
Once something is so important, we talk that again and again.
Something is vital to us, we touch that again and again. That is what we need to do.
This is so important, because it deals directly to our art of practice, our journey to
enlightenment,
how to make ourselves better in a beautiful person, in the whole of the samsara,
and carry our inner wish-go of both each other. Therefore, it is so important, I am going to tell
again and again,
and I am going to tell again one more thing that which is so important, which is both each other.
That you heard a hundred times, or a thousand thousand times, I heard a thousand thousand times,
but hearing is great, hearing is great. But more than that, to activate that meaning in the heart,
that is what the great masters of Buddha has taught.
From the Hinayana teaching all the way to the Vadiyana, the Dzogchi teaching, importance of the
being goodness,
importance of the reveal of our ordinary nature, beauty, nature, that's what Buddha taught, again
and again.
That echoed by all those great masters over in India, as well as in Tibet, and they are not just
echoed,
they practice, they observe, they become that. Not just they become the toggle, but they become in
that status.
And that is this, again, we reflected both each other, kindness and compassion of all sentient
beings.
Gathering here is nothing but to activate that beautiful mission of the both each other.
Both each other means to help the beings, and kindness and compassion, and that is what it is.
And the next one is then the brain understanding of the true nature, the purity understanding of
our self in the whole world.
All these things in the three various states, those are very important.
And embracing those all beautiful colors with joy and devotion, with balance, with the econimity.
That's what the econimity is always what I've taught.
Econimity means balance, openness, not become kind of emotional and become good, but more relaxing,
happy, joy, and great joy as like brilliant sunlight shines in the sky, sky is so cloudy, so
beautiful, so fresh.
And blended in, that nature still, not just a kind of pocket is holding these and that things.
That's what's called joy and aperture, and devotion, and then that's known as balance and econimity
.
And with all those beautiful practices, a beautiful kind of highlight of that, and then we move
again to this teaching.